# Case Study: How Can a Wellness Technology Company Play It Smart

## Introduction

This is capstone project for Google Data Analytics Professional Certificate Case Study 2: How Can a Wellness Technology Company Play It Smart?


**Project Completed by:** Christopher Messer

**Project Date:** 9/6/2022

### Business Tasks

-	What are some trends in smart device usage?
-	How could these trends apply to Bellabeat customers?
-	How could these trends help influence Bellabeat marketing?

### Description of Data Sources
FitBit Fitness Tracker Data (CC0: Public Domain, dataset made available through Mobius on Kaggle). 
The content description on Kaggle states:

*“This dataset generated by respondents to a distributed survey via Amazon Mechanical Turk between 03.12.2016-05.12.2016. Thirty eligible Fitbit users consented to the submission of personal tracker data, including minute-level output for physical activity, heart rate, and sleep monitoring. Individual reports can be parsed by export session ID (column A) or timestamp (column B). Variation between output represents use of different types of Fitbit trackers and individual tracking behaviors / preferences.”*

#### Data Limitations

- The sample size of the provided dataset is small and does not reflect the overall userbase which increases the likelihood of bias within the data.  Increasing the sample size would mitigate this issue.

- The data is missing information related to age, sex, and device type which further limits analysis.

- The data was produced in 2016, which means that the trends discovered and discussed here reflect that period of time.

